Acne scarring results from a common inflammatory condition present in many people. These scars can have an impact on quality of life by influencing self-esteem and social acceptance. Current acne scarring treatments, such as chemical peels and laser treatments, often have limited success due to their time-consuming nature and the variability of acne scar types. The subcision technique has shown promise for the treatment of rolling acne scars. There are few studies to date that examine the effects of multiple subcision treatments on rolling acne scars. We evaluated whether the use of multiple subcision treatments improved the appearance of rolling acne scars compared to no treatment. Five patients with rolling acne scars on both sides of their face who met inclusion and exclusion criteria were enrolled in the study. One side of the face was randomized to receive treatment, while the contralateral side of the face received no treatment. Subjects underwent five sequential subcision treatments, spaced 4 weeks apart, with two follow-up visits at weeks 20 and 36 from the 1st treatment. Photographs were taken before and after the initial treatment visit and at each subsequent visit. Acne scar appearance was evaluated by the subject, a blinded live rater, and two double-blinded dermatologist raters. Evaluations of treatment outcomes involved overall acne scar appearance on a 5-point scale, acne scar improvement on a percentage scale, a modified quantitative global scarring grading system, and potential treatment side effects. There was a greater decrease in global scarring scores in the multiple subcision side compared to the control side. There was a greater difference in the average acne scar appearance scores between the Week 36 follow-up visit and baseline for the multiple subcision side compared to that of the control side. 50% of patients reported being more satisfied with the treatment side compared to the control side in regard to overall improvement. The study results suggest that multiple subcision treatments may improve the appearance of rolling acne scars compared to no treatment.